README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
🚀 About Me<br><br>I am a Electronics and Computer Engineering student at  looking for internship opportunities. I love analyzing data and building real-world projects.<br><br>🎓 B.Tech in Electronics and Computer Engineering (2024-2028)<br>💻 Data Structures & Algorithms, Data Science and Analytics<br>🎯 2026 Goals: Master DSA and Data Science and Analytics.<br><br>🔗 Connect with me<br>https://www.linkedin.com/in/harish-ambalgikar-399932252/ 


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/harishambalgikar/) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/harish-ambalgikar-399932252/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:harishambalgikar@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=HarishBankai&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=HarishBankai&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HarishBankai&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=HarishBankai&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=HarishBankai&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=HarishBankai&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update README with personal and social information

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
I am a Electronics and Computer Engineering student at looking for internship opportunities. I love analyzing data and building real-world projects.<br><br>🎓 B.Tech in Electronics and Computer Engineering (2024-2028)<br>💻 Data Structures & Algorithms, Data Science and Analytics<br>🎯 2026 Goals: Master DSA and Data Science and Analytics.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/harish-ambalgikar-399932252/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:harishambalgikar@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![Krita](https://img.shields.io/badge/Krita-203759?style=for-the-badge&logo=krita&logoColor=EEF37B) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi) ![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/opencv-%23white.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white) ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=HarishBankai&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=HarishBankai&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HarishBankai&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=HarishBankai&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=HarishBankai&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=HarishBankai&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
